Add examples about avoiding and use-cases of with statement (#16292)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/with/index.md

}
```

> Only when `f` is called can `x` be determined as found or not, and if found,
> whether as a property of `o`, or, if no such property exists, as `f`'s first formal argument. If you forget to define
> `x` in the object you pass as the second argument, you won't get an error -- just unexpected results. It's also unclear what the actual intent of this code is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only when `f` is called can `x` be determined as found or not — and if found,
whether as a property of `o`, or, if no such property exists, as `f`'s first formal argument. If you forget to define
`x` in the object you pass as the second argument, you won't get an error — instead you’ll just get unexpected results. (And it's also unclear what the actual intent of such code would be.)
```

}
```

### Avoiding `with` by destructuring properties into the current scope

> You can usually avoid using `with` through [property destructuring](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment). Here we create an extra block to mimic the behavior of `with` creating an extra scope, but in actual usage, this block can usually be omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can usually avoid using `with` through [property destructuring](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment). Here we create an extra block to mimic the behavior of `with` creating an extra scope — but in actual usage, this block can usually be omitted.
```
